That the following article is proposed as an amendment to the 
Constitution of the United States, which shall be valid to all intents and 
purposes as part of the Constitution when ratified by the legislatures of 
three-fourths of the several States: 
"Article ___
Section 1:
The Attorney General shall be elected by national popular vote in 
accordance with this Constitution, by a ballot option separate from any 
other office.  An Attorney General shall hold this office for a term of six 
years.
Section 2:
An Attorney General shall be the highest Law Enforcement Officer 
in the United States and shall have the following duties and 
responsibilities
I.	Exercising authority over the United States Department of 
Justice, which shall remain a part of the Executive Branch of the Federal 
Government of the United States.
II.	Enforcing Law and Justice in the United States.
III.	Providing legal advice to the President.
IV.	Answering to the Office of the President of the United States 
for actions performed by the Department of Justice
V.	Providing intelligence and information known by the 
Department of Justice to the Office of the President upon demand of the 
President or on the initiative of the Attorney General.
VI.	Answering to oversight and review by Congress.
VII.	Appointment of a United States Attorney for each judicial 
district subject to the following:
a)	Appointment must be with the advice and consent of the Senate;
b)	Each United States attorney shall be appointed for a term of four 
years. On the expiration of his term, a United States attorney shall 
continue to perform the duties of his office until his successor is 
appointed and qualifies;
c)	Each United States attorney is only subject to removal by the 
Attorney General.
Section 3:
Before taking office, the Attorney General Elect will take the 
following Oath or Affirmation: “I do solemnly swear (or affirm) that I 
will faithfully execute the Office of Attorney General of the United 
States, and will to the best of my Ability, preserve, protect and defend 
the Constitution of the United States.”
Section 4:
The term of the Attorney General shall end at noon on the 5th day of 
February of the year in which such term would have ended if this article 
had not been ratified, and the terms of their successors shall then begin.
Section 5:
An Attorney General may be removed for Good Cause by Executive 
Order of the President of the United States. Such Executive Order must 
list the causes for removal and may take effect no earlier than ten days 
from the date it is signed by the President of the United States and 
delivered to Congress. The Congress may override a Presidential 
removal of the Attorney General by a vote, held within ten days of the 
delivery of the Executive Order, greater than or equal to that necessary to 
override a Presidential veto of legislation.
Section 6:
An Attorney General may be removed from office by Congress on 
Impeachment for, and Conviction of, Treason, Bribery, or other high 
Crimes and Misdemeanors.”
